---
title: 'An Ever-Changing Story'
description: ''
pubDate: 'Jan 29, 2025'
heroImage: 'entry-covers/0008.png'
---

Do what you can to control it, but don’t kill yourself over it when you’re not perfect. 

You’re free in your mind and heart if you can accept any and all outcomes, and still try your best but also maintaining balance. 

Don’t overdo it, don’t underdo it, just do it, do what you can, and gently work to guide others and the world as best you can with love. 

Even if you die with your mission not fully complete, inevitably, given enough time and the potential for it to happen (and anything is truly possible for now and forever), someone will pick back up the torch and carry on. And love is one of those things where the torch never dies, even if every loving human on earth was killed, love is always capable of arising again, always possible, and inevitable given enough time. 

Someday, we will mature. 

Someday, we will discover fire for the second time. 

I try so hard to carry the torch of those that came before me, alongside I’m sure many others in the world alive today, but success is never guaranteed even if you try your heart out, but the fact of the matter is that no success will happen if you don’t make anything happen, if you don’t do anything towards it, so that’s why you still must at least try, and enjoy the journey along the way, even with the chaos of the world more rampant than ever before, still, try your best to find those moments of stillness in between. Existence is just as much of a gift and a bizarre blessing as it was the day before, and the same for the day after today and so on for infinity; neither meaningful nor meaningless, but simply is, and we get to give it as much or little definition and meaning as we wish - so keep trying to give it the fullest amount you can - and in doing so, by embracing your being and your interconnection to all else that was, is, and will be, you are free, and that is the truest definition I can offer to Love; a lucid embracement of truth, connection, and collective oneness - eternal in these moments, too, remembered forever in time even when no one is left to remember, for you will always have happened - everything is both mortal yet immortal, both and neither, forever and never in an instant, we as artists will continue to paint upon the canvas of nothingness, forming recursively reflections of ourselves ad infinitum, an ever-changing story with an unchanging base and shared core; ineffability, beauty, and the potential to recognize the gift it all is, and upon such an epiphany, share in the divine sensation we call Love.