---
title: 'Overcome with Love'
description: ''
pubDate: 'Feb 4, 2025'
heroImage: 'entry-covers/0007.png'
---

We were all born entirely ignorant on this earth and started off the exact same - for the conditions/ environment we are brought up in, however, that is out of our control - the only control we really have in life is how we choose to view the uncontrollable things around us, but that takes experience to understand and even more experience to master - you are welcome to continue holding your perspective, but for me, here is how I view all beings and life: there are no villains in life, merely lost souls trying to find their way back to the stillness. 

The opposite of love is not hate but indifference; if you are too uncaring to change, to understand the unknown, it will remain unknown, and because we are biological beings and intrinsically fear the unknown because it may bring death (and our entire biological purpose is to live long enough to reproduce), and since being scared feels terrible, we also hate what we fear too - both fear and hate, of course, cloud critical thought and make life hell. 

If you view life to be hell, then it is precisely that. But if you view life to be infinitely beautiful, and a gift to be apart of, to be so grateful anything happened in the first place? That alone is enough of a heaven for me, even if there is no afterlife. 

These moments will forever have happened even when no one is left to remember - and I am so very thankful to have been anything to begin with, as opposed to having remained nothing forever. 

Everything is a gift that forms us, and we are the gift back into everything. Each of us our own unique versions of everything, trying to find the peace, trying to find ourselves, and in the wake of our immaturity and confusion, we hurt each other and ourselves until we can learn to unconditionally forgive, and STILL view them as an equal, still love them and give them your kindness, to show by example the best way to be - no one is intrinsically, permanently hateful or lost - and what could be more of a mature, strong, incredible response to hate, other than love? 

Hate met with hate only ever puts more into the world, “justified” or not (no hate is truly justified), and that’s why I choose love as best as I can. 💜